[Music]
zowie are one of the few unchanged
tribes left in the Amazon they're naked
except for a carved wooden plug stuck
through their lower lip
[Music]
there are 222 Zoey in a tribal reserve
that is four times the size of London
they share their forest home with
countless species of plants and animals
as well as an abundance of wild fruits
together the Zoe Hunt game such as
monkeys and wild pigs with bows and
arrows girls gather berries and grubs
the rainforest provides all of their
needs if it is cut down this unique way
of life will be lost forever these
people need to have special protection
they don't know that the government
exists they don't know that Brazil
exists they know nothing about the
outside world what are the basic needs
for this isolated people
a healthy environment the absence of
white man and roads an environmental
protection that's it but meeting these
needs is already proven difficult
because our society and wants to do the
opposite we want to build roads and
clear large areas of the Amazon to grow
soil these things are clearly in
conflict with one another
this problem is centuries-old
before the environmental movement
emerged in the 1970s the only people who
stood in the way of the exploitation of
the Amazon were the tribes that lived in
the rainforest for 500 years the Indians
had been fighting for survival but in
the 1960's and 1970's their struggle
intensified as development reached new
heights huge power stations were built
using the latest technology dams
harnessed the power of the country's
mighty rivers and machinery pushed roads
into the interior a key part of the plan
was to open up the Amazon rainforest a
wilderness larger than Europe and
flooded with thousands of settlers
hundreds of tribes of Amazonian Indians
unaware of the changes going on in the
outside world were contacted by
anthropologists for the first time
Senora de trabajo trois Agora cetera
para la gente de todo a carbon Sandy
Spring Garden more disease a Perez Donna
Phrygian tracker mama no no Roxy I know
some the mama know that entire civilized
especially isn't given